One design skill that this project has helped me develop would have to be problem solving and logical thinking. There were different approaches shown to us to drawing and setting up our world. And they didn’t all work together at first. Looking at the code and trying to figure out what made sense to include and what didn’t was essential in trying to make the different pards of code work together. A process we would use is prototyping. The module assignments were similar to what we would have to do in out milestones and project. Creating certain shapes and applying things such as textures and lighting was great practice and allowed us to get the hang of things before applying it to our actual project. This is an approach I see me using for the future.

One strategy I liked using is to break things down in to smaller and more manageable parts and work on them individually and then bring them together. Iteration was a big part of my development process as every week I was adding more and more to my final project until it was complete. one thing that did change towards the end as things got more and more difficult, is that if I found my self stuck for too long, I would walk away and come back later. It can be hard especially when you feel so close to getting it but coming back to it later helps with looking at things from a new perspective sometimes which is what you need most of the time.

The skills learned throughout this course will be very useful and serve as a strong foundation for future learning. I can see computational graphics and visualizations be used in multiple professional pathways. Game development would be the biggest visual are a huge part of modern gaming and the standards are only getting higher.
